EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/newsletter/newsletter2go/newsletter2go.md

|Name|SisoNewsletter2GoPluginBundle|
|Motivation|Provide a working implementation for the eShop's newsletter API.|
|Target group|Shop owners|

> |Short description|eZ Commerce provides an API to enable customers to register their e-mail addresses to a newsletter. This bundle integrates the newsletter service https://www.newsletter2go.de into this API.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Short description|eZ Commerce provides an API to enable customers to register their email addresses to a newsletter. This bundle integrates the newsletter service https://www.newsletter2go.de into the API.|
```
